Better support API-only Rails applications (#1128)
Shopify/maintenance_tasks: README.md

* **succeeded**: A Task that finished successfully.
* **errored**: A Task that encountered an unhandled exception while performing.

### Using Maintenance Tasks in API-only applications

The Maintenance Tasks engine uses Rails sessions for flash messages and storing
the CRSF token. For the engine to work in an API-only Rails application, you need
to add a [session middleware][] and the Flash middleware. The engine also defines

> a strict [Content Security Policy][], but it won't make it to the user's browser
> unless you also include the appropriate middleware
> (`ActionDispatch::ContentSecurityPolicy::Middleware`).

Reviewer: Tiny nit: can we make the wording on this more action-oriented?

```suggestion
a strict [Content Security Policy][]. Make sure to include `ActionDispatch::ContentSecurityPolicy::Middleware` 
in your app's middleware stack to ensure the CSP is delivered to the user's browser.
```
